Inherit experiment (#2535)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/annotations.tex

relative integration tolerance (Tolerance) for simulation experiments to
be carried out with the model or block at hand. If StartTime is not specified it is assumed to be \lstinline!0.0!.

> The experiment annotation can be inherited, the local experiment (if existing) only override the specific options in the normal way for modifiers.

Reviewer: I find _specific options_ a bit unclear.  It gets easier to explain by talking about inheritance of experiment options.  First like this (cannot add GitHub suggestion this far away):
```
The \lstinline!experiment!-annotation defines default experiment options for simulation experiments to be carried out with the model or block at hand.
The options are only defaults in the sense that tools generally allow the options to be overridden at simulation start.
The experiment options consist of \lstinline!StartTime! in {[}s{]} for the start time, \lstinline!StopTime! in {[}s{]} for the stop time, \lstinline!Interval! in {[}s{]} for a suitable time resolution of the result grid, and \lstinline!Tolerance! for the relative integration tolerance.
If \lstinline!StartTime! is not specified, the default start time is \lstinline!0.0!.
```
Then:
```suggestion
The experiment options are inherited, and the derived class may override individual inherited options.
```

\begin{nonnormative}
This implies that it may be useful to construct a partial model (e.g., a template for a number of similar test cases)

> containing an experiment annotation, since the experiment applies to models inherting from this base class.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
containing an experiment annotation, since the experiment applies to models inheriting from this base class.
```

> containing an experiment annotation, since the experiment applies to models inherting from this base class.

Reviewer: I see it more as the main reason behind, rather than an implication:
```suggestion
The inheritance makes it useful to have an \lstinline!experiment!-annotation also in partial models, e.g., a template for a number of similar test cases.
```
